Fix wb_supervisor_add_force_with_offset() (#1248)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2020.md

    - Improved the SUMO interface to use the version of SUMO already installed (if any).
    - Improved the SUMO interface to be compatible with the latest version (1.4).
  - Bug fixes

>     - Fix the [`wb_supervisor_node_add_force_with_offset()`](supervisor.md#wb_supervisor_node_add_force_with_offset) function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fixed the direction of the force applied with the [`wb_supervisor_node_add_force_with_offset()`](supervisor.md#wb_supervisor_node_add_force_with_offset) function.
```
